name = <%= projectName %>
description = Install with commonly used features pre-configured.
version = VERSION
core = 7.x

; Drupal Core
dependencies[] = block
dependencies[] = color
dependencies[] = comment
dependencies[] = contextual
dependencies[] = help
dependencies[] = image
dependencies[] = list
dependencies[] = menu
dependencies[] = number
dependencies[] = options
dependencies[] = path
dependencies[] = taxonomy
dependencies[] = dblog
dependencies[] = search
dependencies[] = shortcut
dependencies[] = field_ui
dependencies[] = file
dependencies[] = rdf

; Drupal Contrib
dependencies[] = admin_menu
dependencies[] = ctools
dependencies[] = devel
dependencies[] = entity
dependencies[] = entityreference
dependencies[] = jquery_update
dependencies[] = libraries
dependencies[] = link
dependencies[] = module_filter
dependencies[] = pathauto
dependencies[] = tokens
dependencies[] = views
dependencies[] = webform
